Before we start in on refactoring,
let's take a little time and revisit exactly what these
concepts are and how they contribute to our cause.
If you've been working with the CDK like we have in my company,
you know the word construct gets a little over used kind of like the
old days of the Smurfs cartoon. In its rawest form, Amazon finds it
as the building blocks of apps. Yeah,
you can certainly think of constructs and resources together for sure.
Just keep in mind that a construct can consist of multiple
resources. Kind of sounds like the Smurfs,
doesn't it?
As I said, constructs can and do represent a single AWS resource,
regardless of the level, or constructs can represent multi‑resource,
higher‑level component objects as well.
So in understanding the spirit of the construct,
you just have to reconcile the fact that it can be any
number of Smurfs, or I mean constructs.
Okay, all kidding aside,
one of the most important reasons for building constructs in the first
place is the overwhelming ability to reuse them.
Constructs can be built to be reused,
controlled, and distributed in almost infinite ways. We'll focus
heavily on this concept later in the course,
as it's a high priority for Ellen and the TechStream acquisition.
And if you're asking,
you can absolutely author your own constructs to suit your business or
technical needs and distribute them as you see fit.
If you can think of it,
you can author it and make your custom constructs available for others to use.
Take a moment to try and always ingrain in your head what a stack actually is.
A stack isn't a magic beanstalk or a smurfy object.
A stack is simply a neat way of defining a single stack in CloudFormation.
CDK is built on CloudFormation,
so I go back to it as a root discussion framework quite often. Said another way,
if we compared it to a farm,
it's the top level container that keeps the proverbial
flock of constructs in the barn.
All resources invariably have to be defined within the scope of a
stack, as you can see from the picture on the left. And as we're
fully bound to the rules of CloudFormation,
we must follow the same constraints.
Only 200 resources can exist in a single stack, and only
200 stacks are allowed per region.
Also similar to CloudFormation,
we tend to employ the same types of distributed
patterns for multi‑stack creation,
both to avoid these limitations, as well as to keep our heads from exploding
with 100,000‑line JSON or YAML files. Examples of these, if you remember from
CloudFormation, are nested, distributed, main, skeleton, etc. You hear them
called just about everything, but they tend to follow the same patterns and try
to avoid the same constraints.
Amazon defines apps or the app as the primary construct,
which represents the CDK app.
So to make the nomenclature more complicated,
these projects we're building with the CDK are also called apps or applications.
I know what you're saying.
Apps and constructs seem to sound similar; however, they really aren't.
The app by itself is actually a built‑in CDK construct.
You instantiate an app object as you would any other object,
and then you pass your app object to the stacks that you create.
Well, the hierarchy here may sound a little overdone.
Just always try to keep the fundamentals in your head of what each of
these defined objects are and what they're for. Before we depart with a
slide trap and get going on refactoring, the last topic to touch on is
the concept of construct levels.
Remember,
AWS itself is always changing and new types of resources get
added faster than you can keep up with them.
That and other factors contribute to the development cycle,
which creates multiple levels of constructs.
For example,
level 0 are low‑level CFN or CloudFormation constructs that are barely
beyond using the SDK to build resources. As David explained,
to use level 0 constructs, you generally have to define
anything you would in building CloudFormation resources with
little or no convenient defaults.
Now you absolutely can build your entire application with level 0
constructs, but that'd be a little like building assembly language
instead of using a higher‑level programming language.
So why would you use level 0 constructs then?
Well, in many cases,
Amazon simply hasn't built the next level construct yet. As an example
of this in our demo app is the Cognito identity pool.
At the time of this video, AWS doesn't yet include a
level 1 construct for the identity pool.
As such, our demo application includes a few level 0 constructs.
In most cases, we choose to deal with level 1 constructs. These are the handy,
dandy,
super‑convenient resources that are called out loudly in the CDK documentation.
In most cases, these are all you would use to build an application.
They generally include some nice defaults,
eliminating the need to set every option.
Repasting this simple example from my intro module,
I showed a view of a simple VPC and about 4or 5 lines of code,
which generated over 500 lines of CloudFormation JSON. Now
moving up a level, we have level 2 constructs.
Level 2 is simply a collection of level 0 and level 1 constructs,
so we really don't need to linger here. However,
do keep in mind that you'll build a ton of level 2
constructs in your CDK career.
After all, the VPC needs objects such a subnets to exist,
so it's very logical to think of a well‑architected VPC as a level 2 construct.
Last but not least,
Amazon and open‑source contributors have started building really
nice reusable construct hierarchies for you.
These level 3 objects are generally referred to as
solution constructs or patterns,
and they could make your coding tasks much easier.
In short,
the great folks at AWS have grouped together many logical
objects and built a code for you simply to take advantage
of the next level pattern.
If you get a chance,
peek at the list of available patterns out there these days
in the AWS construct pattern library, as well as on cdkpatterns.com.
A simple example is the Angular and React CDK pattern that includes the
well‑architected framework, typical resources you would need to build
Angular or React applications with AWS.
So I see Spot's jumping in and telling us it's time to get moving on some
live coding. Let's jump forward to the next module and start breaking our monolith down into some logical patterns.